Group 5


Availability for meeting expectations:
2 days a week
Takes as long as it takes but meeting over 1 hr in length is discouraged

If member needs to miss meeting, member must say so 48 hrs in advanced
Acceptable missed meetings: emergencies
After lectures (Tue/Thr) 

Response time to communication expectations:
Within 2-4 hrs
Through Teams primarily
Through email or phone number if not responding to Teams.
Phone numbers will be entered in Teams.

Definition of done: when is a task complete?:
Properly tested, checked into Github, meets all feasible requirements and acceptance criteria, checked by teammate(s)
If not all initial requirements are met, must be justified

Scrum meeting format/frequency and distribution of documentation tasks (meeting minutes, updating task board):
~15 minutes (Mon through Thurs, 9:45am)

Roles to switch weekly:
Take notes (can be a recording)
Update task board 
Facilitate questions 
Code Review 

This roles will start in alphabetical order by name and everyone will rotate down each meeting.

Procedure for adopting policies (e.g. code style, code check-in steps, documentation updates):
To adopt policies, the procedure is as follows:
1. During our weekly lab session, the member will propose a meeting to propose the policy 
2. A date and time will be set to meet within 72 hours
3. The member will propose the reasoning for the new policy
4. Discussion will take place within the group
5. A vote will occur, a majority vote must occur. If there is a tie, discussion will take place until one member chooses the other option. 

Procedure for handling a member who is not meeting expectations:
3 infractions: 
1. Missing meetings without notifying team members beforehand
2. Not completing work on time more than once
3. Not responding at all to team members or coming to meetings

must include at least 3 actions before involving the instructor
1. At next meeting, talk to member
2. Contact member directly (wait for 24 hr)
3. Contact TA 

Signatures: each member must sign their name by typing their name at the bottom of the document.
Megan Kocher
Amenah Syed
Kaitlyn Jankowski
Cattleia Walsh
